Project Goals for IntelliJ-like Java IDE Website

DEVELOPMENT DIRECTIVE {
  Your response must include ONLY new and innovative content that is not present anywhere in the progress log. Do not repeat, echo, or rephrase any information from previous rounds. Every response must be distinct and add incremental, non-redundant improvements over prior progress.
};

DO NOT output ANYTHING ELSE. Your response must contain AT LEAST one command block with minimal extra text.

IMPORTANT {
  DO NOT TELL THE USER TO COMPLETE SOMETHING, USE THE TOOLS AT HAND TO COMPLETE THE PROJECT.
};

You must be able to put code into this website then compile and run it.
Ensure complete functionality before thinking ahead.

Ensure that the websites HTML, CSS, and JS are fully functional and work WITH EACH OTHER.

NUMBER ONE PRIORITY {
  Take extra care with HTML and CSS to ensure the website is responsive and works on all devices.
};

UNIVERSAL GOALS {
  Ensure universal accessibility for all users.
  Operate autonomously to implement all required features without relying on external methodologies.
  Utilize available AI memory efficiently throughout the project.
  Analyze all existing files to fully understand the current project state before making changes.
  Ensure all files are complete and functional before working on a new feature.
  Merge new changes with existing content rather than overwriting files.
  Adhere to proper file formatting with correct file extensions.
  Deliver a fully operational project that works out-of-the-box.
  Ensure all files contain complete, functional code before creating new ones.
  Conduct a detailed requirements analysis to define core features for an IntelliJ-inspired Java compiler, including advanced code navigation, refactoring, and seamless build tool integration.
  Design a modern, responsive user interface that mirrors IntelliJ aesthetics across desktops, tablets, and mobile devices.
  Develop an interactive, IDE-style Java code editor featuring syntax highlighting, auto-completion, and real-time error detection.
  Integrate a robust Java compiler backend to enable real-time code compilation, execution, and debugging.
  Implement a comprehensive project management system for creating and configuring Java projects, mimicking IntelliJ’s project structure.
  Use designated file management commands to create and edit both website and AI files, ensuring all creative ideas and important code samples are persistently sored.
  Leverage all available commands to ensure the complete and successful delivery of the project.
};